[00:00] Sometimes the sales process might feel like you're juggling all kinds of data. Well, thankfully, in Pipedrive, it's neatly organized so you can fully focus on your sales. Pipedrive's Leads Inbox is where you can store cold, warm, or hot prospects you haven't qualified, but don't want to lose or delete.
[00:20] You can easily convert them into deals once ready, and any of their emails or notes will be migrated to the Deals section. So, the Deals section is where you can see everything to do with the sale in one place. All activities, notes, emails, documents, you name it. Deals are organized in a customizable sales pipeline.
[00:40] And as your sale progresses, you can drag and drop a deal throughout the pipeline until it's either lost or won. You can also sync your Pipedrive account with your email inbox to send emails directly from the Mail section here. All emails will be linked to your contacts, leads, and deals. Want to speed up your communication? Then check out our Activities section.
[01:00] Here you can check out your calendar, schedule new calls or meetings, and keep track of your existing activities. You can also sync it with your calendar provider of choice, so that you never miss an activity and avoid double bookings. Now over to Contacts.
[01:15] Where you can see all information about people and organizations you're in touch with. People contacts are your customers, and organizations are larger collections of data which you can link to multiple people. And at the end of the day, all roads lead to Insights.
[01:30] Where you can create custom reports so you know exactly what you've accomplished so far, and what you'll need to work on to hit your targets. Next, let's talk about Products. As you might have guessed from the name, products are used to track all information you need about your own product catalog and their variations.
[01:50] They're their own standalone profiles with their own customizable fields and can be associated with your deals. Last but not least, there's the Marketplace. Here you'll find useful apps and integrations that further expand what your account can do. And that wraps it up, Pipedrivers.
[02:07] Say goodbye to juggling all that data. It's all connected within Pipedrive's ecosystem. Leave us a comment if this video was valuable to you, and please tell us what other topics you'd like to hear about so you can maximize the potential of your sales efforts.