Claro, aqui está a transcrição completa do vídeo:

[00:00] DigiSac Plataforma Multicanal. [00:01] 30, 29, 28, 27, 26, 25, 24, 23, 22, 21, 20, 19, 18, 17, 16, 15, 14, 13, 12, 11, 10, 9, 8, 7, 6, 5, 4, 3, 2, 1. [00:32] Hi, welcome to DigiSac Multi-channel platform. My name is Augusto, and in this video, I will teach you how to perform the first access in your platform and what are the initial settings that needed to be performed so you can already start communicating to your customers. Here on this video, I will teach you how to make your first access, how to create departments, connections, roles, users, how to operate your chats, and how to get some specified reports. [01:13] First, we need to log in the platform using the credentials given to you by our commercial team. The first and most important step is to create our connection. We need to click on this icon symbolizing a vibrating cellphone. Then we click in new connection. We give it a name. Standard department for tickets. Select the specifications and save. [01:54] Now, we need to scan the QR code using the phone that has the WhatsApp and desired number to mirror our conversations onto the platform. Just click in scan QR Code, and using your cell phone, you need to scan this QR Code using your WhatsApp. Cool, our connection is ready. [02:18] Now that your connection is set, we can configure the basics so you can start your service. First, we need to understand the concept of departments and roles. To create a department, we click in more options. Departments. New department, and we just need to give it a name. This department will function like a section of your company. [02:49] The roles are like the hierarchy of your company and can be used to define which kind of tools my user can or cannot operate. More options. Positions. And here we have the admin and the operator, both very different roles. [03:08] The admin has access to all of our system's tools since he's the head of our platform. The operator, in the other hand, has access only to the operational section of your platform, like customer management and the use of your chat. This is defined by the permissions set on the role. So, I suggest that you take a quick look on these permissions so you can both know what you can do on your platform and what your coworkers can do based on their roles. [03:51] The next step is to set your users. More options. Users. And here, you can manage all of your team. Set their roles, their departments and create or block access to your platform. While creating a new user, we must define his or her name, email and password, both used to log in the platform. Set their positions and his or her department. [04:24] With this, we can define the type of access this person has, which tools he must or not must use, and what department he may or may not attend. Just click save, and then he can log in and start his job. Done. Now, with your connection, roles, departments and user set, we can begin our operation. [04:48] In this section, you can find your chat. When you log in, you access the screen in question. Here is where you do 100% of your customer service. Here we can find three different rows: contacts, queue, and chats. In contacts, we can find all of our customers. [05:15] It functions like an agenda mirrored from your WhatsApp. In queue, we have a reflection of our department. All customers allocated here are waiting service for someone that belongs to your department. The customer that occupies the first position is the customer that is waiting for the longest time. [05:39] The most recent client will occupy the position at the bottom of the queue. And when I answer a client from your from my queue, he'll be transferred to your chat. This section is private, so only you will have access to this customer. So that's the difference between the person that you already have spoken to and the person that is waiting for assistance from someone of your department. [06:00] So, this is the receptive way to interact with your customers. Now, how can we do to contact them at will? In the third row of contacts, you can start a conversation by searching for a person using his name or number. We can also register a new contact. Here we set his name. We use a connection. [06:27] Type his number. Wait for the platform to validate the number, and save. Now we must click in open ticket. In this button on the bottom of your screen. We need to select a department and an attendant. Since you is the person that is trying to contact this customer, you select your own attendant. [07:07] And in the comment section, I will insert like a test, just so you can see what happens. Then we click save. At this moment, you can start chatting with your customer. Now, what can be done with your chat? First, we have some information. Here you can see where and when your ticket was started, as well as the comment test. [07:35] You can now enter a message, and this customer will receive this message in his own WhatsApp. Now that we've established contact, let's explore our chat. Here we have the emojis, same as in WhatsApp. Here in this little microphone, we can record and send audios, but remember, you must have a recording device in your computer for that to work properly. [08:05] At the upper right corner, in this clip, we can send archives, photos and general files directly to your contact. But remember that you must have it in your computer. Clicking in this three dots, you can find infos about your contact, like profile picture, name and number, general functions like mute chat, mark as unread. [08:34] The ticket protocol, and you can set a standard department and a standard assistant to make all of the contacts that this person makes. With the protocol number, you can click in copy, so you can paste easily, so that client has the conscious that everything that he said is managed by your service. This protocol number can be used to manage every ticket from each contact. [09:07] Here in this arrow forming a clock, we can find the ticket history for this specific contact. Here you have all sorts of variables clicking in display filters, that you can set for more specific reports and one of these variables is the protocol number. Here we can insert the protocol number previously copied and apply filters. So we have that ticket in question. [09:32] Accessing this protocol, we can find the conversation and also have the possibility to export a TXT and PDF file for this ticket. At this two arrows, you can transfer the contact from your chat to another department or to somebody else's chat. And you can also add a comment that will be sent together with the client's ticket to somebody else. [10:05] We have two little tools that are pretty interesting, symbolized by this lightning and this speech bubble. In this lightning, we have the quick answers. We can set them in more options. Quick answers. Here we set any kind of message sent with frequency to your customers, like your timetable, your address, your emails, etc. [10:30] So we click in new response. We type a text. In here we set which departments can have access to the answer. So, middle conversation, my client asks me, "What is your address?" Instead of typing all of my address in my field message, we can click in quick answers. Click in the desired answer and send without typing anything. It's pretty quick. [11:18] And here on the speech bubble, we have the comment section. Here we can type any kind of information important to this ticket in specific. So, how do we can use this function properly? For example, middle chat, my client calls me in my phone, and I finished my conversation with him by that call. [11:42] I come here in this function. I type, we finished the contact via telephone. Here's what we discussed. And then we make little topics. This message will not be sent to your contact. This will be saved and can be seen using your history. This yellow comment can also be checked in the ticket history. [12:24] The only one who can see this information will be your client. And last, but not least, we can close this ticket. But first, let me show you about the ticket subject. The ticket subject will be like a parameter used to close every ticket that we have. So, this can be sell, appointment, complain. [13:01] And this can be used when we close the ticket. While doing it, we can select which kind of subject we treated on this ticket. So, for example, we made an appointment. And the service summary, we can type what we treated with our client more detailed. And when we close, this ticket no longer is open on my platform. [13:36] So, if I want to contact this person again, I need to open a new ticket. This is important for our organization and also for your platform to not get a little slow. If you have a lot of open tickets, this can affect the processing of your servers. Now, in overview, clicking in now, we can see all of our tickets in real time. [14:05] So every assistant in my platform and his or her respective tickets. By queues, so we can see every customer that is waiting on the departments and a little summary. So we can see online users, away users, offline users, how many open tickets we have, how many queued tickets we have. [14:31] And we can see these parameters by department and by attendant. In overview, we also can see a ticket history. He functions exactly the same as the previous one I showed you. But the difference between that one and this one is that this one is shared by all of our customers. [14:54] It also has these filters so you can use to have a more specific report. Also in overview, in service statistics, we can have more parameters about how my tickets are going. So, this is the average time my client spends in a ticket. This parameter shows me how much time does my client wait until he gets a response from an attendant. [15:23] The total of messages, the total of tickets opened and closed, and all of these parameters are displayed by you by the filters. So every time you change these parameters, the report will also change. And we have graphics generated automatically by period, by attendant, by department, subject and connection. [15:47] And these graphics will surely give you a more accurate view about how your service is going. So, this is the very basic of our platform. What you need to do to start your customer service. I hope that I could clarify your initial doubts, but rest assured that soon, we will have more complex trainings for you to increment your service and fly by the