Aqui está a transcrição completa do vídeo:

[00:00] Pipedrive AI features a selection of AI tools to make your sales process and communication much more efficient. To access Pipedrive AI features, navigate to tools and apps.
[00:11] Then you'll find Pipedrive AI. Let's briefly overview what's on offer before diving deeper into each feature. Firstly, our AI Sales Assistant helps save time by identifying patterns and get recommendations for high-potential deals and next actions to prioritize.
[00:28] Next comes the AI email creation feature which quickly generates personalized emails from basic prompts enhancing your communication efficiency. Then there's the AI Smart App recommendations. This suggests relevant apps from our marketplace based on those you're already using and what other apps similar companies use.
[00:48] We also have AI-powered marketplace search which uses natural language to find integrations tailored to your needs, saving time and solving business problems. And lastly, the AI email summarization condenses lengthy email threads into bite-size summaries, so you can grasp the important points in a flash.
[01:08] Now let's dive into how each of these features work. First, let's look at the AI Sales Assistant.
[01:13] To find the sales assistant, just click the light bulb on the top of Pipedrive. In case you haven't used it yet, it's a feature that analyzes your sales process and offers customized advice on how to get the most out of your Pipedrive account. It also provides notifications about new assignments and deal progress or changes to items that you own.
[01:34] So we combined our in-house sales expertise with AI and added a familiar Pipedrive touch, creating the AI Sales Assistant that helps companies stay on track. Just remember it's here to only suggest. You're still the one in charge.
[01:47] AI Sales Assistant will notify you about the next best action. It will analyze your past won deals and compare them to the open ones. Based on that, it will estimate whether there's potential to move forward and recommend a specific action to take as the next best step.
[02:05] Perhaps a phone call or an email or a demo. But moreover, the AI Sales Assistant will prompt you to prioritize deals with a higher likelihood of progressing to the next stage or taking another significant step. Just like recommending the next best action, it will highlight deals similar to ones you've won before, drawing your attention to them through the estimated opportunity meter.
[02:26] Moving on to another feature, Pipedrive's AI email creation tool is here to help you craft quick, personalized emails effortlessly. Simply head to the Sales Inbox and begin creating a new email. You can also access this feature from the detail view of any deal or contact or anything you have an email conversation connected to.
[02:50] But in the email composer, click on the "Write my email" button. Start by describing your email precisely. And there's some examples that you can explore if you want to get a better understanding. Let's say you're sending a follow-up email.
[03:02] Here you can add more information as needed. Once you've outlined your email, you can choose a tone from the drop-down list and select the desired length. So let's opt for a friendly tone and a short length for this follow-up. Now let the email generation begin.
[03:19] Blip, and just like that, here's your suggested email ready to use. You can fine-tune the prompt and regenerate the email content until it meets your satisfaction.
[03:36] Once you're happy with the result, simply copy it into your message and make any final edits you need. With Pipedrive AI, drafting emails just got a whole lot quicker, saving you valuable time.
[03:50] Another Pipedrive AI perk is the ability to summarize your email threads. To utilize this feature, navigate to the detail view of a deal, lead, contact, or organization, and go to the email section. Once you click on the reply button, a window will appear where you can compose your response.
[04:08] There's an option to summarize the email thread. Click it to get a brief overview of your conversation. It will also include sentiment, readiness to buy, and action items. So you can just copy this summary and share it as needed.
[04:22] But also, since this is just a brand new beta AI feature, you can also provide us with some feedback to this summary right away. Next time you open the email, the summary will be there for a quick recap. This makes it effortless to recall important details, especially during client calls.
[04:40] Plus, AI email summarization isn't limited to just the detail view. You can access it directly from the Sales Inbox too. Simply open the email you want to summarize, and you're good to go.
[04:52] Now let's talk about the AI-powered marketplace search for a second. Just head to the Marketplace tab and use our AI-powered search. You can either search by keywords or describe what you need help with. We've provided examples to guide you over here.
[05:09] Simply search for it, and you'll receive tailored recommendations based on your industry and company size. Similarly, if you're looking to improve customer support, just type, "I want to resolve customer issues," and relevant apps will be suggested. Once you find the right app, you can look forward to a smoother sales process, time saved, and increased revenue.
[05:30] And if you're ever unsure which apps or integrations suits your needs, don't you worry. By visiting the marketplace, you'll find a list of tools recommended specifically for you. These recommendations are based on your company size, industry, apps that you already have in Pipedrive, and apps that companies similar to yours use.
[05:52] And that wraps it up. Pipedrive AI helps you save time, improve performance, and make smarter decisions for your sales workflow.