Email [00:00] tracking can be used on emails sent from Pipedrive by companies that wanna know when their sent emails were opened, or when hyperlinks inside of the emails were clicked by their leads. And why might you wanna know this? Well, so you can directly follow up with a call, for example, after someone has opened your proposal, which seriously improves your chances of closing a sale. [00:00:20] To enable email tracking, just go to settings, personal and email integration. First, be sure that your email is actually connected and synced to Pipedrive. Once enabled, you can then enable if you want open or link tracking, as well as if you'd like to receive notifications in the bell over here in Pipedrive. [00:00:40] Now, when sending emails in the mail tab and detailed views, you will get these little icons to enable the tracking options. And just click on the icons to actually enable them. Keep in mind that once you've enabled or disabled these, they will remain enabled or disabled by default for all future emails you send in Pipedrive. [00:01:00] So the next time you're composing an email, you don't have to click on these again unless you actually don't want that email to be tracked. Once an email has been opened, or a link has been clicked, the color changes and hovering over the icon will provide information about the email that was opened and the link that was clicked. [00:01:20] You'll be able to check this within the sent email itself, when viewed in the mail tab, or the sender can also view information in the detail views by hovering the mouse over the open and link icons. In your email tab itself, you can also filter specifically for just tracked emails. [00:01:40] Last of all, you'll probably wanna know that if you want to utilize Pipedrive's group email feature, which lets you send an email template to a group of contacts while using merge tags to personalize the message for each customer, you can also enable email tracking for that as well. Now keep in mind if your company is based in the EU, or deals with EU customers, [00:02:00] we recommend that you understand the requirements of GDPR and that you consult a professional if necessary. And that's it, everyone. Just use email tracking so you can spend more energy on customers that you know were interested in what you're offering.