Aqui está a transcrição completa do vídeo, com timestamps a cada 30 segundos:

[ 00:00 ] Welcome to the sales inbox tutorial. You're going to learn here how to sync your email account and navigate the sales inbox and send emails within PipeDrive. PipeDrive offers two ways to manage email conversations. Email sync and Smart BCC.
[ 00:20 ] Smart BCC lets you forward specific email threads from your email provider into your PipeDrive inbox. To do this, you just add your company's unique email address in the BCC field when you send the email, and once forwarded, the email will be automatically connected to the relevant contacts and deals when applicable.
[ 00:40 ] Any responses from your customers should be sent to the same universal BCC address to show up in your PipeDrive inbox. Now the email sync feature in PipeDrive lets you access your emails directly within the app without switching between platforms.
[ 00:52 ] And to set it up, enter your email account's information and you are off to the races. It works with all major email providers like Gmail, Outlook, Microsoft Exchange, and Yahoo!
[ 01:05 ] Once connected, you can customize your settings according to your company's needs, and then you choose your sender's name and set up the account signatures and decide if you want to track opens and clicks of the emails you send. And then you control email privacy here also.
[ 01:21 ] Additionally, you can sync emails with specific labels and choose the starting date for syncing. If you don't want to have just all your emails coming into PipeDrive. There are general settings available including selecting the default email app,
[ 01:40 ] linking emails to PipeDrive items, and configuring the archive and delete features. What's even better is you can sync multiple email accounts simultaneously. The process for syncing a second email account is the same as the first. And once connected, you'll see the second email address alongside the first.
[ 01:57 ] The default email account you choose is used to perform automated email functions. While you can sync multiple accounts, only one can be the default for automated emailing. However, you do have the option to skip setting up a default email address.
[ 02:11 ] In that case, you'll have to choose a sender email from the dropdown in your composition window before sending. Now let's take a look at the sales inbox here. All of your emails are conveniently organized in your sales inbox.
[ 02:27 ] You can easily switch between synced email accounts or view them all at once. Plus, you can filter your emails by labels or other options to streamline your view.
[ 02:40 ] During the sync process, you set your email sharing preferences. However, you can always share or not share individual emails on the go. Also keep in mind when you're sharing an email, the email is not going to show up in your other PipeDrive co-workers sales inbox. What happens is whatever it's connected to, whether it's a contact or a deal, it's going to show up in those detail views.
[ 03:00 ] And if you have your setting set to private, only you will see it within the detail view. Now let's take a look at email labels. To create a new label, simply click on the label dropdown and choose Add new label.
[ 03:22 ] To apply a label to an email, open the email and click on the email icon next to the subject line. Then select your label. You can add multiple labels to an email, but if there are more than three, you'll need to open the label dropdown to view them all.
[ 03:41 ] You can edit a label by clicking on the pencil icon. You can change the name or the color of your label, or delete it by clicking the trash icon. Your email labels are visible in your PipeDrive inbox. To filter your inbox by these labels, select one or more from the label dropdown.
[ 03:59 ] Now let's see how to send an email. Choose the account from which you want to send the email and click here. The great news is that you can streamline email communication using templates and merge fields for that personal touch. PipeDrive does have a few templates to start with, but creating new ones is easy.
[ 04:15 ] Just type out how you would structure the email and then click choose templates and save draft as template. It's also pretty easy to just go back and edit these templates or reorganize the order they're in if you need to later. Templates can be set as private or shared within your company.
[ 04:30 ] This can help everyone collaborate and work a whole lot more effectively. Moreover, email templates can automatically fill in specific information from your deals, contacts, and organizations. In the email composer, click insert field and choose the PipeDrive field you want to include.
[ 04:50 ] Like the name or owner to personalize your email effortlessly. Here you can add a link to book a slot in your calendar using PipeDrive's meeting scheduler. You can either use a pre-created link or suggest specific slots for a one-time meeting.
[ 05:07 ] So just fill in the details and at the end, you have two options for inserting into your email. You can share it as a link, or add this box directly to your email. Moving on to another feature, PipeDrive's AI email creation tool is here to help you craft quick, personalized emails effortlessly.
[ 05:27 ] Start by describing your email precisely. And there's some examples that you can explore if you want to get a better understanding. Here you can add more information as needed. Once you've outlined your email, you can choose a tone from the dropdown list and select the desired link. Now, let the email generation begin.
[ 05:46 ] Blip, and just like that, here's your suggested email ready to use. You can fine-tune the prompt and regenerate the email content until it meets your satisfaction. Once you're happy with the result, simply copy it into your message and make any final edits you need.
[ 06:05 ] Over here, you can create your email signature. You can add links, images, your name, and the contact information. Once your signature is set up, it will automatically appear in every composition prompt in PipeDrive. If you make changes to your signature while you're sending an actual email, that's only going to apply to this specific email you're sending.
[ 06:23 ] You would have to go in and edit the email signature box itself for a long-term solution. And thanks to email open and link tracking, you can instantly know when a customer interacts with your message. But just make sure to click on these options before sending the email. Once sent, the tracking settings will be saved as the default for future emails until you change it.
[ 06:40 ] You'll find that email in the sent folder where you can see whether it was opened or not. Later, you can create an email performance report using the insights feature. On the right side over here, you can link this email to an existing deal, lead, project, or even start a new deal directly. If you enable automatic linking in your email settings, then this you already may have a deal connected here.
[ 07:05 ] But if there's more than one deal open for the same contact, you may need to manually select something. Clicking on the deal lets you view related emails on the details pages and initiate new emails from there. This also applies to all received emails.
[ 07:23 ] If the contact is already in your database, the email will be linked automatically. If not, you could easily create a new contact. Another PipeDrive AI perk is the ability to summarize your email threads.
[ 07:41 ] To utilize this feature, navigate to the detail view of a deal, lead, contact, or organization and go to the email section. Once you click on the reply button, there's an option to summarize the email thread. Click it to get a brief overview of your conversation. It will also include sentiment, readiness to buy, and action items.
[ 07:56 ] This way you get a quick reminder of past conversations, making it easier to write effective emails with less effort. To further enhance your email efficiency, we recommend our group emailing tutorial. This feature streamlines sending the same email to multiple receipts.
[ 08:11 ] You can also automate your email sending process using our automations feature. Or you might want to use one of our pre-designed templates to create your own. Lastly, if you're interested in sending beautifully crafted email campaigns to thousands of people and analyze their performance, our campaigns add-on course is perfect for you.
[ 08:29 ] Did you know that you can earn a certification in the PipeDrive basics? Check out our full Getting Started course and take our quiz to earn a certification today. Check out the link below to learn more.