Setting goals in [00:00] Pipedrive is as easy as clicking a few buttons and letting the magic happen. To get started, head on over to the goals section. It's where the excitement begins. Just look for the plus sign and shablam, you're on your way to set some serious targets. Pipedrive gives you a variety of goal types to choose from. [00:30] Whether it's deals that have been added or have progressed or they've been won, or activities that have been added or completed, or even revenue forecasting. So you've got some flexibility here to track what matters the most for your business. But let's get hands on with an example, shall we? Imagine you want to keep tabs of how many activities your team completes within a month. [01:00] Brilliant. To make it happen, just start filling in the details of your goal. Then just assign it to one of your sales reps, but if you're on the right plan, you could actually assign this to a specific team as well. Next, it's time to get specific. Choose the activity types and the pipelines you want to focus on. You want to make sure you're nailing it with laser-like precision, right? [01:30] Then decide on the frequency of your goal. In this case, we'll stick with the monthly one. But, hold on, we are not done yet. Now select the duration of the event and the number of activities you expect to conquer. Aim high, my friend, because Pipedrive will keep you on track every step of the way. Oh, and if you need to specify individual period goals, we've got you covered there too. [02:00] Once you've created your goals, it's time to keep a close eye on them and see how they progressed. In the goal detail view, you'll find three blocks that'll give you all the information you need. First up, we have the goal card. It's your go-to spot to view all the details about your goal. Next, we have the visual builder. You can track the progress of your goal with just a glance. [02:30] It's like having a visual representation of your success right in front of you. You can also click on a column to reveal a model view that shows you the data behind those impressive results. And we've got the table. This nifty feature lets you kind of delve deeper into the nitty gritty details and view the aggregated summary of your goal. Now, let's take things up a notch and add your goal to a dashboard. [03:00] Simply click here and choose the dashboard you want to add it to. Alternatively, you can head over to the dashboard view and unleash the power of dragon drop. But you can also customize the size and the position of your goal in the dashboard until it looks absolutely perfect. And hey, if you ever want to go back and make changes, just click here and you're back to the editing mode. [03:30] Want to give your goal a fresh name? No problem. Simply click on the title and let your creativity flow. Editing the rest of your goal details is just as easy. Click here, and the goal edit model will appear, where you can tweak and adjust all the attributes to your liking. Deleting a goal is a breeze too. Just click on the three dots over here, and you're done. [04:00] The goal vanishes into thin air. It will disappear with all users with access to it and from any dashboards where it was added. And if you have multiple goals to remove, click here to access the bulk deletion option. A window will pop up, allowing you to select the goals you want to say goodbye to. Now, let's move on to another exciting feature. [04:30] Duplicating goals. It's a great way to save time and replicate success. Please note that the level of duplication rights may vary depending on user roles. Global admin users can duplicate any goal, including those set by other admins. Team managers can duplicate their own goals and the goals of individuals within their team. [05:00] Regular users can only duplicate goals they created for themselves. Privacy and security rules also apply. So if a goal is displayed as view only for the current user, duplication won't be available. But that about wraps up this tutorial, everyone. So are you ready to take your team's sales to new heights? Let's get those goals rolling and break some records together. [05:30]