[ 00:00 ] When managing a team, there will come occasions when you'll want certain users to not see specific information in your account. For this, Pipedrive offers visibility groups.
[ 00:10 ] This feature allows you to limit the visibility of all your deals, persons, organizations and products in Pipedrive. This also limits the visibility of attached notes, activities and files. What this doesn't do is control what emails are shared or not shared. That's entirely up to each individual Pipedrive user to decide.
[ 00:30 ] Although if an email is shared in a deal or contact that's only visible to the owner of the deal, then nobody else will see that email anyway. So let's see what we can control here. Default visibility for your contacts can be set to entire company, but let's set deals to be visible for owners and followers only, just for an example.
[ 00:50 ] This means that only the owner and the users added as followers can see those deals. Now what if you wanted one group of users to share all their contacts with the entire company, but you want a different group of users to, well, not share their contacts with the entire company.
[ 01:05 ] On the Professional and Enterprise plans, you can set up multiple groups and subgroups of users and control what those users in each group can see. You can build a whole company hierarchy. Each subgroup can have four types of visibility settings set up.
[ 01:21 ] Users on top of the hierarchy can always see items and the users in groups below them. First you can set that anyone in this subgroup is only allowed to see the data that they are the owner of. The second option allows a user to see their own data plus those owned by other users in the same subgroup.
[ 01:40 ] The third option allows you to see your own items, those of other users in your subgroup and gives users in the subgroups below you visibility to your items as well. The fourth option is to share data with everyone in the entire company.
[ 01:54 ] This means all users in your hierarchy above and below you as well as users in other hierarchy groups can see these items. Now, even despite the default visibility that you set up here, an individual item's visibility can still be edited in various ways.
[ 02:10 ] It's worth noting that admin users are not affected by any of these visibility settings as they can see all data in Pipedrive, no matter what group they're in. The only thing they can't see is email that is not set to be shared. Lastly, after you've created your visibility groups, you can assign users to those groups when you're sending them their invitation email.
[ 02:30 ] Just remember to also assign them a permissions role if you want them to have admin user access or something a little less powerful. And so that's visibility groups in a nutshell. This should put your mind at ease knowing that your data is only visible to the right people.