[ 00:00] Sometimes you need to know how much money you could be making in the future, on top of how much money you've already won. In Pipedrive, we have the forecast view under the deals tab over here to help with that.
[ 00:12] The forecast view will project your revenue by using the expected closed date of a deal. The expected closed date can be set when creating a deal, or afterwards in the forecast view by simply dragging deals with no expected closed date to where you see fit. Technically, the expected closed date can also be edited in your detail views or the list views.
[ 00:33] If a deal has already been marked as one, then the one date will be used to put the deal in a specific month. You can also create your own custom date fields, and the forecast view can use that information to project your revenue based off of that instead. In the headers of each column, you will find a total value for all open deals, all one deals,
[ 00:54] and a projection of the combined revenue of those together. To customize this view a little more, click on the gear icon up here and select your preferred options. Now, the green status bar on the deal indicates what stage the deal currently resides in. The further along the green status bar is, the further along it is in your pipeline.
[ 01:14] Deals that are the furthest along the pipeline are prioritized on the top of the forecast view. This allows you to see the deals that are closest to being marked as one. But, if you're not sure you will win a deal in this time interval, simply drag and drop the deal from one column to the other, and this allows you to update the deal's expected closed date.
[ 01:32] On the top right over here, you can also filter your deals by a specific pipeline or customize and apply more complex filters. Last of all, to get super accurate revenue forecasts, you can configure deal probability for your pipeline stages or individual deals. Probability is just like it sounds.
[ 01:50] You just configure what percentage you're likely to win a deal, and Pipedrive will give you a weighted value rather than the total value of the deals. You just configure what percentage you're likely to win a deal in these stages, or again, an individual deal. And Pipedrive will give you a weighted value rather than the total value of these deals.
[ 02:12] So, that's it. If you need to get started with revenue projection, this is the place to be.