In the busy day-to-day operation of your business, it may often be more prudent to send the same email to large groups of your leads. [00:00:06] While being able to personalize each response. Pipedrive's group emailing feature allows you to contact a large group of up to 100 contacts simultaneously, saving you some precious time. [00:00:19] When you combine this with our email templates and take advantage of the merge tags, you'll be able to send a personalized response to each contact in the group with just a few clicks. [00:00:27] If you're not familiar with the email templates and merge tags, just check out the video in the link. [00:00:33] Now group emailing is available in our Deal, Contact and Activity lists, as well as the contact timeline. Just select your group of contacts and click this button here. And over here is the list of recipients. [00:00:48] And this is where you can add or remove contacts. Now just pick the template you want to use, set whether your colleagues can see these emails inside of Pipedrive. [00:00:58] And if you wish, you can enable email tracking, which you can learn more about by clicking this link. In the contact list here, Pipedrive will also notify you if there's some missing information. [00:01:08] For example, if your template uses merge tags to prepopulate the name of a contacts organization, but one of these contacts happens to not be affiliated with any organization, we'll let you know. [00:01:21] Or in some cases you may be missing an email address for a contact, for example. Now once these emails have been sent, you can go to the Outbox section of your email tab in your Pipedrive account in order to view each specific email as it's queued up and sent to that specific contact. [00:01:39] It's worth noting the maximum amount of group emails you can send in one day, depends on the amount of emails that your email provider will allow you to send in one day. Once an email has been sent, it will no longer be available in the Outbox section. Instead, those emails will be viewable inside of the sent section, as if they were any other email sent through the email sync feature in Pipedrive. [00:02:00] And so there you have it, Pipedrivers. You can correspond with groups of contacts in a fraction of the original time by using our group emailing feature.