[00:00] Keeping your sales organized can be challenging at times. And we all have our favorite ways of overcoming this challenge. With Pipedrive, this means organizing our contacts, deals, and activities.
[00:17] Now, for those of you who love spreadsheets, we've created a little thing called the list view for you, so you can view or change your sales data in a familiar experience. So, here we go. So, right now, we're looking at our deals within the pipeline view. This can be accessed by clicking Deals or the Pipedrive logo.
[00:36] This is also where you can access the list view. So, right off the bat, you'll probably notice that this looks a lot like a spreadsheet, and that is essentially what it is. Here we have columns defining various statistics of each deal. But, wait, there's a whole lot more stuff in here than there was in our pipeline view. Why is that? Well, unlike the pipeline view, the list view can show you all of your deals that are open or closed, even if you have multiple pipelines.
[01:03] Now you might be thinking, well, crikey, what if I wanted to just see deals that are currently open? Well, that's easy. Just click on the filter in the far right corner. By default, you have filters for all open, won, lost, or deleted deals. But you can also create custom filters to narrow your data down to very specific segments. Here we can add whatever conditions we want the results to either have or not have, for that matter.
[01:31] So let's add two conditions, one, only for open deals, and the other for only deals owned by us. Now, Pipedrive will automatically title your filter with the defined conditions, but you can always name your filter anything you'd like. Just remember to define whether or not you want this filter to be visible to all other Pipedrive users. And I'll explain to you this save selected columns with filter in a moment. For now, let's just save our filter.
[01:55] Now that we've filtered our list of deals, let's sort these deals by the ones with the highest value first, just for kicks. But what if we wanted more details in this in our list? Like, where are all the phone numbers we need to call? Let's just click on the settings icon over here to customize our columns. We can add or remove fields from our deals, people, and organizations.
[02:18] So, if we even added a custom field to our people which tells us their job title, we can have this custom field displayed here in our deal list view. See? Super genius. We can also edit this filter at any time. Say I not only want to see deals I own, but ones that Daniel owns as well. This is where we use the any section in our filters.
[02:42] Now, remember that option to save selected columns with filter we saw earlier? Well, now that we've customized the columns in our list view, we can mark that checkbox off. And now, whenever we select this filter again in the future, all relevant columns will be displayed with the filter. So now there's no need to customize your columns every time you run different filters. Fantastic, right? From here, we can export the results of this filter to a spreadsheet or even bulk edit our deals, people, and organizations.
[03:17] You can also delete your selected items, or for that matter, if you select all items in the list, you can bulk delete all results of the filter. Just be careful though. If you don't see any option to delete, it's probably because you don't have admin rights in Pipedrive and you've had this ability limited by whoever the admin is. Last of all, you should know that the functionality of the list view is also present in several other locations.
[03:41] We've just been working on our deals, but our deals are connected to our contacts, and we also have activities that are connected to our contacts and our deals. So we can also filter, sort or bulk edit multiple fields in our contact and activity list views. So, as you can see, the list views make managing large amounts of data about as easy as it gets.
[04:09] And they'll be your go-to source for filtering your data into manageable sections. And that wraps it up, folks. From all of us here at Pipedrive, to all of you beautiful Pipedrivers, keep rocking and a-rolling.