[ 00:00 ] If you're new to PipeDrive, then stick with me, follow along, and by the end of this video, I will have helped you to configure your account so you can be up and running and ready to sell using PipeDrive.
[ 00:18 ] Hello, my name is Paul Miners and welcome back to another one of our PipeDrive training videos. My company, MinorCo, has worked with hundreds of businesses around the world and have helped them to sell more using PipeDrive.
[ 00:32 ] My last getting started video, which is a few years old now, has had over 68,000 views and hundreds of comments from PipeDrive users who watched that to get help setting up their new account. But PipeDrive is always changing, it's always getting better, so I thought it was time for a refresh.
[ 00:49 ] Now, this is going to be a very practical video. You can skip ahead using the chapter markers below, but I actually recommend you follow along, pause the video and do the customization in your account as we go. If you have questions, leave me a comment down below.
[ 01:04 ] We're not going to cover all the features that PipeDrive has to offer in this video, but when you're ready to learn more, we have hundreds of free training videos on this YouTube channel. We also have a full online course available for purchase on our website, or if you just don't have time to watch videos and figure it out on your own, then click the link in the description below to book an introductory call with our team to learn more about our consulting and support options.
[ 01:29 ] Okay, are you ready? Let's go. Now let me briefly talk about what PipeDrive is, so you know how it fits into your business. PipeDrive is what we call a sales CRM. So essentially what that means is, when somebody reaches out to you to inquire about your product or service or whatever you have to sell, or maybe you're doing some cold outreach,
[ 01:52 ] you can create a deal to represent that particular sales opportunity. And you can keep track of all your deals really easily. Very soon we're going to customize the stages of your pipeline so you can see who are the new inquiries that you've just received, who are you gathering information from, quoting, who are you following up with, and which deals have you closed and won.
[ 02:12 ] With PipeDrive, you can centralize all of your notes, files, emails in one place, and you can even set activities to remind yourself when to follow up with particular opportunities. I've been using PipeDrive since 2015 when I first started working in mortgages, I now use it in my consulting business every single day, and I can say with confidence, we wouldn't be as efficient or as effective at selling as we are without a good CRM and a system like PipeDrive supporting us.
[ 02:40 ] It's also what I refer to as my source of truth. So it's where I store all of my contacts. Not just prospects and clients that I'm talking to, but anyone in my professional network, I create as a contact in PipeDrive, so I have all of my important contacts in one place, which I can sync to my Google or Outlook contacts and have available on my phone wherever I am.
[ 03:04 ] PipeDrive is a web application, there's nothing to download, but you can also access it using the smartphone app or on your tablet. And the reason most of our clients have chosen to use PipeDrive compared to other CRMs like HubSpot, Monday or particularly Salesforce is, PipeDrive is very simple, intuitive and easy to use, which for a salesperson is really important.
[ 03:25 ] If it's not easy to use, you're probably not going to update it and it will get messy very quickly. PipeDrive has been designed by sales people for sales people, and I think it's the best CRM in the market, it's why I use it, it's why I've built my entire business around helping customers with this CRM.
[ 03:41 ] Now, if you haven't already, the first thing you're going to need to do is sign up for a new trial. If you use our partner link, which I'll put in the description below, I'll also pin it as a comment. You can get an extended 30-day trial, which is more than the normal 14 days that you would get if you sign up directly.
[ 03:57 ] Once you sign up, you'll have a new account like this ready to go with some sample data and some basic stages already set up, but we're going to customize all of this. Now, the first thing I just want to point you in the direction of is your billing settings. You will have a trial, again, you'll have 30 days if you use our link, and I've been put onto the premium plan here.
[ 04:20 ] If you click here to manage your subscription, you can see the different pricing options available. Now PipeDrive recently revamped all of their pricing and I'm going to link up here a video that we just released talking about these different options and who I think each option is best for, so go ahead and check that out.
[ 04:41 ] Now, as a PipeDrive reseller, you can purchase your subscription through my company, MinorCo, you can use the link in the description to request a quote from us. Not only will we be able to provide you with a discount on the retail prices that you see here, but we can also offer some complementary support. So even if you didn't use our link to sign up, contact us anyway if you're still in your trial and we can help you with your subscription.
[ 05:00 ] Now, this page that we're on right here, this is the default kind of screen that you arrive on when you log in to PipeDrive, this is the deals page. Each of these cards represents a deal or sales opportunity, uh that represents a conversation that we're having with a prospect. Now, depending on your sales process, you may choose to use the leads function in PipeDrive.
[ 05:22 ] I actually don't use this in my business because we receive very qualified opportunities that are inbound and qualified. But if you do a lot of outbound prospecting where you're cold calling and and doing cold outreach to try and find new business, you can use this leads area. To create a new lead, I can click this green button up here.
[ 05:41 ] And let's say, for example, I am reaching out to a prospect that I'm going to try and sell my product or service. When I create the lead, the first thing I need to do is create a contact that represents the person that I'm trying to sell to. So for this contact person, let's say we're trying to sell to Tim Cook. And I'm going to create Tim as a new contact.
[ 06:01 ] And I can also link the lead to an organization, which is the company we're selling to. So we'll use Apple. So, when I create this lead, I'm actually creating three things at once. A contact person, an organization, and the lead itself, which is linked to both of those objects. In here, I can put in Tim's email, and I can fill in other fields which we can customize later, but for now I'm just going to save.
[ 06:29 ] So now I have a new lead, and if I click that, this is where I can start to capture information, store my notes, send my emails and log my activities. Once I've then made contact with this lead and qualified them and confirmed that yes, they're interested, they're a good fit for the product or service that we have to offer, you can click the green button at the bottom to convert the lead into a deal.
[ 06:58 ] And I can move this onto my main sales pipeline, and I can put the the the new deal into one of these stages. So now if I go back to my deals, here we go, there is the Apple lead or now it's a deal, and this this represents a qualified opportunity. Now, if you've just gotten started with PipeDrive, the first thing I recommend you do to customize your account is to customize these stages for your sales process.
[ 07:22 ] Now, I should point out that you can have multiple sales pipelines to represent different revenue streams or different sales journeys in your business. You may just have one pipeline, if you've just got one product or service that you're selling, but you may have multiple. For example, here's our sales pipeline in my business.
[ 07:44 ] This is our consulting pipeline, so anyone that contacts my company to learn about our consulting services, we have a deal that we manage through these stages. We have deals that are on hold, prospects, people we've booked a meeting with, people we're gathering more information from, people we've made some kind of offer to, we've sent them a proposal or quote, and people we are waiting for payment from.
[ 08:02 ] We then have a different pipeline for selling subscriptions, and you can see here, the stages are different. This is also a different revenue stream, it's subscription revenue, which is different from consulting revenue. So we have it as a separate pipeline so that we can track those different revenue sources, and we can have different stages um to to represent that different sales journey.
[ 08:27 ] A mistake that we see a lot of our customers make is they create too many pipelines. They create one pipeline for each person on their team or each uh sales team. You don't need to do that, we can use filters to actually filter the pipeline to particular people. So for now, you may actually only just uh need only just the one pipeline.
[ 08:47 ] To customize the stages, click the edit pipeline button up here. And from here, you can rename the stages to whatever you want. So I would probably, I actually think the default stages are a bit odd. You could have um the first stage be qualified opportunity, because if you've started with a lead, and then you qualify them, they probably want to come into that stage.
[ 09:12 ] Contact made doesn't really make sense to me, because if you've qualified them, you've already um made contact, so I'm just going to delete that stage. And actually, because I've got deals in that stage already, I'm just going to move those back to qualified opportunity. Um, let's say, uh, we maybe we want to customize the wording here, we could say Discovery Call Booked.
[ 09:34 ] So those are people we've booked a call with. Um, I'm going to add a new stage here after the discovery call, and we're going to have Gathering More Info. Sometimes we still need to get a bit more information. Um, proposal made. And then maybe I want to have a new stage in here for contract sent, and then the final stage, I for me in my business, I have waiting for payment, you might do yours differently.
[ 10:00 ] Um, let's just do that for now. Waiting for payment, and then when they pay, I'm actually going to win the deal. So we can customize the wording and the order of the stages here. Also, in these settings, you can customize the probability. Now, generally, the probability of winning a deal in the early stages is quite low.
[ 10:15 ] When we have a new qualified opportunity, maybe my the probability of winning the deal at that stage is about 20%. As we book them onto a call, the probability increases. We gather more info, probability goes up. Uh after we send the proposal, we're about 50/50 on whether we'll close the deal. But once we send the contract, maybe it jumps up to about 80%.
[ 10:37 ] And then once we're waiting for payment, the probability of winning the deal is more like 95%. Now, these probabilities are used to provide you with a weighted average deal value. So if you have $100,000 worth of deals in your pipeline, the probabilities get applied to help you work out, what is the realistic revenue that you're likely to generate based on the probability of the deals based on the stage that they're in.
[ 10:59 ] And finally, we can choose to enable rotting. I don't recommend setting this up for every single stage, because sometimes there are people who are going to take some time, maybe to book their call, because they're busy. But generally, you know, once we've sent a quote or proposal, we want to maintain momentum as we're selling. So I'm going to set a rotting time here of seven days.
[ 11:24 ] What this means is, if a deal sits in this stage, and there's no activity on that deal for seven days, so either I or my sales team don't follow up, they don't send an email, they don't touch the deal for seven days, the deal begins to rot and it goes red. And that's a way of highlighting deals that are starting to go stale or cold, because you haven't taken action.
[ 11:47 ] So I'm going to turn that on for contract sent, maybe it's going to be more like 14 days, and then maybe like five days over here. So that's it now. I have, oh actually, I would also recommend turn on deal probability as well. This means that you can override these stage probabilities with a deal specific probability.
[ 12:07 ] So maybe you have very high confidence that the deal's going to close, you could apply a custom probability to update that weighted value. So let's save those changes now. And I can see my new stages, um, and the stages as I've named them, have been updated. You can also see the effect of the probabilities.
[ 12:26 ] So, if I hover my mouse on this stage, you can see I have $22,000 worth of deals in this stage, because there's the 15 plus the 7 is 22. But the probability is shown as 6 $6,600, because it's 30% of these two deals in that stage. If I click up here, I can see the total value of deals in my pipeline, 117,000, and the weighted value.
[ 12:51 ] So again, that's sort of like, what am I realistically likely to generate in revenue based on the probability of closing these various deals? Now, quick tip. When you name your stages, name them in the past tense, as much as you can. So I've got Discovery Call Booked. Proposal Made. Contract Sent. The benefit of doing that is that it makes it really clear that the deals in that stage have received a proposal.
[ 13:17 ] Again, a common mistake we see our clients make is they just say proposal. And it's, it's not actually clear. What does proposal mean? Do you mean you're making a proposal, or you've sent the proposal? So naming them in the past tense just makes it really clear where the deal is actually at and what state it's in.
[ 13:36 ] This is also going to be really useful later when we get into reporting. If we want to see, uh, the conversion rate through our sales process, we can see where people are dropping off and where are the weaknesses in our sales journey. Now, from this pipeline view, you can apply filters. So as I said, you don't need to create multiple pipelines for the different teams or people on your team.
[ 14:00 ] You can actually, when you've got more users in here, you can look at each person's deals. So I can look at Paul and I can see all the deals assigned to Paul. Or I can go to filters and there are some pre-built filters if I want to see deals that I've won or lost, which is nothing right now. And I can even create my own filters if I want to put in criteria here to find deals with a particular label or in a particular region.
[ 14:26 ] So this, uh, dropdown up here, this is where we can control which deals do I want to look at at any one point in time. On the left hand side, we have different view options. We've got we're in the main default pipeline view right now, which is what I personally work from. You've also got the list view.
[ 14:43 ] If you want to look at your deals from multiple pipelines in a spreadsheet style layout, you can view them like this. This is nice for seeing lots of information at once. You can actually customize the columns and add in additional variables like I want to see the probability or the currency. I can bring those columns in if I need to.
[ 15:03 ] There is also a forecast view. So when you're talking to somebody and you have a pretty good sense that they're going to proceed, I think this deal's going to close soon. You you can set the expected close date on the deal here. So I'm expecting to win this next week. This means that in my forecast view, I can see how much revenue am I likely to generate if I close these deals in July, August, September and so on.
[ 15:32 ] Now, once you've customized your pipeline, I would recommend you create an actual deal for an opportunity that you're trying to close right now. The best thing to do is use an actual example. You can create a deal from the green plus button up here. There's also a shortcut where you can import deals from a spreadsheet and I'm going to link up here a video that explains how to import data from a spreadsheet.
[ 15:56 ] It goes through that process in more detail, so definitely check that out if you want to do an import. I can also create a new deal from the options up here. And similar to creating a lead, I can create or link the deal to an existing contact. So in this case, because I've created Tim Cook as a contact earlier, I can reuse that same contact and organization, and I'm going to give my deal a name, so Apple website redesign.
[ 16:24 ] There we go. And I can choose what stage I'm going to I want to put that deal in. So let's save that. Now, at this point, I want to point out that it is possible to have multiple deals in progress for a contact. So if I go to Tim Cook, if I come to the contact here from my deal, this is the contact page for this person.
[ 16:44 ] I can see the contact, I can put in their email, phone number, um, I can see their organizational details, and then down here, I can see the deals that I have in progress for this particular contact. Now, for most PipeDrive users, chances are you're only going to have one deal open in progress at a given point in time.
[ 17:04 ] So, for example, let's say I'm trying to sell Tim Cook a website design, uh project. And he agrees and he says, yes, I want you to design a new website for Apple. Great. Really good deal. I would win that deal, and then, uh that deal is now done, it's closed, it's won. Let's say that Tim then comes back six months or a year later and says, hey, we want to do some updates or we want a new website again.
[ 17:29 ] I would then create a brand new deal. I would not, this is a common mistake, I would not go back and open or reuse the old deal. After you win a deal, that closing that deal represents um revenue that you've generated at a point in time, or it's like a transaction or an order that you've received.
[ 17:48 ] So when Tim comes back again, 12 months from now, I can create a brand new deal and I may then win or lose that deal for that particular opportunity. Because of the way that we use PipeDrive in my business, it is actually quite common to have multiple deals in progress. As I mentioned, because we have multiple revenue streams.
[ 18:04 ] For example, Warwick here, maybe I'm selling a PipeDrive project, and this is a deal that lives on my consulting pipeline. Uh, so I'm trying to sell support to this person. I've got that deal. But I also have a subscription deal. This is again a different portion of revenue, I'm trying to sell a subscription. And this is a deal on a separate pipeline.
[ 18:25 ] Now, he may choose not to buy the subscription from us, so I might lose this deal, but he may decide to proceed with the project, so I would win this deal. So that's an example from my business, how we often do have multiple deals running simultaneously. So now that you've created an actual deal that you're working on right now, if you haven't, pause, create a deal so you can follow along.
[ 18:50 ] Let me show you some of the ways we can capture important information about this particular opportunity. In the top left here, we have this summary section. This is where we can see high level information about the deal. I can put in the value of the deal. So, what is the revenue opportunity here? Maybe it's a $10,000 deal.
[ 19:07 ] That's the revenue I expect to generate if I win this deal. I can also, if I want, put products in here. This is a way that I can actually further break down that revenue or the opportunity into the specific products that this purchase, person is going to buy. So, I can create a new product like website design. And I'm going to add a new product there, and my price for that is going to be 5,000.
[ 19:34 ] I can also create another product for SEO, maybe an SEO package, let's say. So, we're going to create an SEO product, and that's going to be another 5,000. You have options here to put in, um, product quantities, discounts and taxes. And then when I save, that gives me the total value of uh, the deal.
[ 19:54 ] And by using products, this could be useful later, um, I can actually generate quotes using the SmartDocs feature in PipeDrive. I'm not going to go into that in this video, but I will link up here a video of how we can actually send quotes using PipeDrive. So, using products can be really nice a nice way of doing that.
[ 20:13 ] So, that's where I can, uh, put in the revenue opportunity. Next, I have my deal probability. So, right now, the probability of winning a deal in this stage is, I think it was 20%. But, because I know Tim really well, uh, I I think he's probably going to go ahead, so I'm going to set that probability at 80%, if I want. I can see the organization and contact person that this deal is connected with.
[ 20:44 ] I can add labels to the deal. I often suggest doing this for things like tracking how likely are you to win the deal. So maybe I say hot, likely to convert. I'm going to put a red label on there. And so that, when I put that label on my deal, and I go back to my pipeline, I can see, there's the little red indicator there. I can see my hot deals that I'm hoping to win.
[ 21:05 ] I can actually then use that label in my filters if I want to see all of my hot deals. We can also set the expected close date. So I think we're going to win this deal next month by the end of the month, and that allows me to forecast when I'm going to receive that revenue. And finally, in the summary, I can add the deal to a follow-up sequence.
[ 21:26 ] I'm not going to show this in this video, but I will link up here a video that we just released. This is actually a new feature that just came to PipeDrive. So check that out where I show how to create sequences, which help you to draft your follow-up emails and sets reminder activities for you. Now, moving down in my sidebar, we have this details section.
[ 21:47 ] And this is where we can create custom fields or data fields to track additional information that's relevant and specific to my particular sales process. For example, I think a really useful field that everyone should create in their account, and I would suggest pausing and doing this right now, is creating a field called Deal Source.
[ 22:08 ] One of the most useful information, uh pieces of information you can get from a CRM is, where are we getting deals from? That's going to help you to evaluate your marketing so you understand what types of marketing and what sources are generating deals and revenue for your business. So I can create a new field called Deal Source. And then for my field type, I can create text fields, um multi or single option fields, numerical or monetary fields.
[ 22:35 ] So for this example, I'm going to create a single option dropdown. So maybe, and then I can put in here my my different sources. So I get uh deals from YouTube, you know, Facebook, uh referrals, uh website inquiries. Uh let's just start with that for now. I can then decide um, do I want to be prompted to fill in this field when I create a new deal?
[ 23:02 ] So when my sales person creates a deal, they're going to have to fill this in. I can choose which pipeline do I want this field to appear on, if I have multiple pipelines. And a really useful feature in some of the higher plans that PipeDrive has to offer is the ability to make a field required. So, once I get to the sort of gathering more info stage, you know, I I do that discovery call, I ask them on the call, how did you find us?
[ 23:24 ] In order to move the deal to the next stage, I'm going to be required to fill that in. So if I save that now, so I can see now, there's that new field ready for me to use and I can fill that in if I want. But because I've made it a required field, if I try and progress the deal without filling it in, PipeDrive is actually going to prompt me to fill in that particular field.
[ 23:44 ] Really useful little feature if your sales team are notoriously bad at filling in details, you can make these fields required. So I would pause the video here, I would create a deal source field, um, so that you can start tracking where your opportunities are coming from. Here's an example of some of the fields we've created in our actual PipeDrive account.
[ 24:04 ] Um, we've got actually got sections of fields here. So when we're selling a PipeDrive subscription, we need to capture certain information. We want to capture, is this, what type of sale is this? Is this a new sale? Are we updating an existing subscription or are we renewing someone's subscription? This is really useful for us to capture because later on, I can report on for the subscriptions that we've sold in a given month.
[ 24:28 ] How many of them were new subscriptions, updates or renewals? I can capture information like what's our billing term? When's the subscription start or renewal date? Um, and then we can store some IDs that we use to connect different systems, um, to PipeDrive. I've also got some information down here or fields down here for tracking, um, where did the deal come from?
[ 24:51 ] So, who referred the deal? So, a lot of our customers want to track referrals, so maybe this deal came from, um, let's look for Lindsay. Let's link in Lindsay Amoroso there. So, I can link a contact, this is the person who referred this deal to me. You can even have monetary fields for tracking things like commission.
[ 25:15 ] Maybe I'm going to pay my sales team a commission on this deal. Or, or costs, you know, what is it costing me to sell this subscription? And again, I've got our sources down here. So I can track where did the deal come from. So think of this details section as the place where you're going to input all the important information that you might want to refer to when looking at this opportunity.
[ 25:39 ] This is also really useful information to capture for reporting purposes later. When you create custom fields, you can create them on the deal, like this deal source field that we've just created. We can also create fields for the contact person and the organization. Now, there are some default fields that we can already fill in, like labels, phone numbers, emails, et cetera.
[ 26:04 ] Organizations, we can fill in the address, website and so on. Now, maybe I also want to capture, uh, things like this person's job title. So again, I can come here, I can customize my fields, and we're going to create a new field. And we're going to call this job title. And this time I'm going to make this a text field.
[ 26:22 ] And so now, when I save that, by the way, I'm doing it here on this particular deal, but the customization that I'm doing here also has applied to every other deal or contact that I in in the account. So, um, I'm not just changing this one deal. And so now, I can fill in the title for this particular person.
[ 26:40 ] So I would recommend pausing the video at this stage, create any necessary or useful fields in the details section, or if you want to track information related to the contact or organization, create some fields there. And by the way, if you want a more detailed tutorial on how to use custom fields and some of the options available, I'll link up here a video that we've made explaining the different options.
[ 27:02 ] Okay, we're nearly there. If you've been following along, well done, stick with me, there's a couple more things I want to show you before we finish the configuration of your account, and then I'm going to wrap up by giving you a few tips on how to start using PipeDrive on a daily basis. Next, follow me, click your profile icon in the top right hand corner and let's go down to company settings.
[ 27:24 ] Now from here, I want you to go to lost reasons. This is where we can create predefined lost reasons to choose when you lose a deal. Uh, a couple that we basically always recommend for our clients, common reasons for losing a deal would be prospect didn't respond. You know, that we send a quote, proposal, or we follow up and they just ghost you, really annoying.
[ 27:48 ] Another one would be, uh, not convinced of price/value. So maybe they're just like, look, it's too expensive, or they don't see the value. Not convinced. Another one is went with another option. Maybe they went with a competitor or some other option on the market, different product. I'll just stick with those three for now, but let me show you some of the other lost reasons we have in our main account.
[ 28:13 ] Um, for us, these are some of these are specific to us, we have trials expiring, um, scheduling issues, timing's not right, uh, rejected client, maybe they're a bad fit or low value. They canceled their call with us, no show, you know, they booked a call, didn't show up. We're going to lose that deal or they cancel their subscription.
[ 28:34 ] Now, the final thing I would do on this screen is turn off this option here. Allow free form reasons. I think this shouldn't exist in PipeDrive, in my opinion. I get why they've done it, but I would suggest turning this off. If you allow free form reasons, it's going to mean your sales team can type in anything they want, and it gets, it makes reporting much more difficult.
[ 28:53 ] My advice, create a a good list of lost reasons that capture everything here. And now, when you lose a deal, if I click my lost button up here, I can choose from one of my lost reasons. Um, so I can say they went with another option, and I can put in a comment if I need to. Um, so went with another agency.
[ 29:16 ] So I can lose my deal. And by the way, if you ever lose a deal, um, maybe maybe they don't respond and then the prospect reaches back out and you want to reopen the deal, you can easily do that by clicking the button up here. Another company setting that I want you to um customize is your activities.
[ 29:35 ] Activities, I will show you next, is how we can set ourselves reminders of what we need to do next. Think of activities as the actions that you can take to progress a deal to the next stage. Now, I recommend customizing activities for reporting purposes because maybe you want to track different types of engagement that your sales team are doing.
[ 29:56 ] So, for example, one we have in my business is introductory call. I want to know each month how many intro calls have we done. We also then have we do demos as well. Now, I'm not going to use the same activity or this call one. I want to track them independently. So I'm going to create a new activity for demo call. And I can rearrange these and put them into the order that I want.
[ 30:21 ] And so now, when I do reports later, I can see how many intro calls have we completed and how many demo calls have we done. You might want to create custom activities, and I'm going to use the little document icon for create quote. And again, I I recommend making these sound actionable, a bit like we did with our um stages.
[ 30:44 ] It's good to have sort of quite specific naming conventions here. So create quote, or another one might be send contract. You don't have to go crazy at this stage, but I would recommend just thinking about, what are the important activities and tasks that you have to do as part of your sales process and create some examples in here.
[ 31:02 ] I would also recommend maybe turning off any that aren't relevant. Deadline is not one that we use and lunch is not one that I use, so we can turn those off. Okay, that's it. That is the basic configuration done. There are other settings and things that we can play with to further customize this, but what we've done now is the bare minimum that I think you need to do to customize your account so that you can actually start using PipeDrive.
[ 31:26 ] Just to recap, we have customized your pipeline and stages based on your particular sales process. We've created some data fields and personal fields for capturing important information related to how you sell. We've customized the activities and the lost reasons. Now, let me give you a few tips and show you a couple of things you need to start doing on a daily basis when using PipeDrive.
[ 31:51 ] Now, on a daily basis, the best thing you can do with PipeDrive is keep it as up-to-date as possible. Remember, it's your source of truth. The benefit of this tool is it allows you to keep all your important information about a sales opportunity in one place. So the more you put into it, the more you get out of it. So, in the middle of your deal here, this is your deal timeline.
[ 32:09 ] This is where you can see what's happened related to this deal. Um, not a lot's happened on here so far, but you can see when the deal was moved to different stages and who did that, if you need to kind of figure out what happened or who implemented, who who made certain changes. You've actually got a full change log if you need to see who changed fields, who when it was moved around, that kind of thing.
[ 32:33 ] At the top here, we can schedule our activities. So we customized those activities before. And the best practice when using PipeDrive is always schedule some kind of activity reminding you what to do next. So if I've got my deal currently in this proposal made stage, I'm now following up with Tim to try and get him to, you know, to see if he's made a decision.
[ 32:55 ] So my next action is to maybe send an email, or actually what I might do is call, call him's better. I'm going to call, let's say next Monday, and I'm going to leave myself a little note, has Tim, um, decided decided how to proceed. I always think it's good to kind of put a little note so that you know why you're actually following up or what you're following up about.
[ 33:19 ] So, on Monday, when I log into PipeDrive, I'll see this activity on my activities list, which actually we can see on the left here. This is where we see all of our activities. And I can do this call. When I'm on the call with Tim, what I personally do when I'm using PipeDrive, is I edit the activity, and I type my notes in here of what we talked about.
[ 33:40 ] So I might say, Tim had questions about pricing. We made some changes to the scope. And so I would complete that activity. So I'm completing the activity so that I can log that I did the call. We've got a nice audit trail of what I've done. I can also report on that later. I can see how many calls I've made during the month.
[ 34:04 ] And I've also kept, I've stored my notes so that I know what we talked about. Now, when I complete my activity, PipeDrive pops up this window and it asks me, okay, what's your next activity? And you should always be thinking, what do I need to do next to move the deal forwards? So, after that call, maybe I'm going to follow up with an email, you know, a couple of, a couple of days later.
[ 34:24 ] Um, ready to send contract. You know, I'm going to see if he's ready to get a contract. And so you can see my timeline updates, and I can look back at any point in time and see, when did we last talk to the prospect, and what did we talk about? So, top tip here, always have some kind of activity on your deals, reminding you what you need to do next.
[ 34:54 ] Often in sales, we get told, hey, follow up with me in a couple of weeks or next month. And that's where you can use the activities to follow up at the appropriate time. By the way, if you go to your deal pipeline here, the little colored indicators here tell you if you've got overdue activities. So this little red indicator tells me that there's actually an overdue activity from yesterday.
[ 35:16 ] Actually looks like a couple from yesterday overdue. This little yellow warning indicator tells me there's no activity on this deal. There's nothing reminding me to follow up or what I need to do next on this deal. So, again, my advice, schedule an activity to to remind yourself when to follow up next. Or the little green indicator here shows that I have an activity that's due today.
[ 35:40 ] So when you look at your deal page, if you're seeing lots of red indicators like this, it generally means you're falling behind, you're not keeping up with your activities. Next, we also have the notes section. This is where you can type in information, maybe during a meeting or just information about the project. You can capture important details and notes in here.
[ 36:00 ] There's also a meeting scheduler. This is a bit like, uh, similar to tools like Calendly. If you want to send a prospect, um, times that you are available for a meeting, you can set your availability here. You can also integrate PipeDrive with various third party calling options if you want to make phone calls or send text messages from PipeDrive. You can even actually place a call using your phone and transfer the call to your phone, which is really cool.
[ 36:27 ] Uh, we can upload files and documents, you know, maybe when I get a contract signed or a scoping document, I can put that in here. This documents tab, this is where we can create, uh, quotes or contracts that I can actually send to be digitally signed. And again, I'm going to link up here to the video about how to use this feature, SmartDocs.
[ 36:47 ] We actually use this every day in my business. We have templates for the contracts that we need to get signed, um, and we we send those to be signed through here. It's cheaper than how having to use an alternative like DocuSign. And finally, we have the email tab. This is where I can sync my Google or my Microsoft email, and I can send emails natively from PipeDrive.
[ 37:12 ] So if I just go to my primary account now, when you've got your email connected, if you click that tab, it brings up the email composed window like this. And I can write my subject, and I can write my email here. Or because I've, um, want to be as efficient as possible, I've got loads of email templates ready to go.
[ 37:32 ] So if I'm sending a quote, I can use this particular template. It fills the person's name, populates the email. I can tweak this and change it if I need to, but that makes sending emails really, really quick and easy. I love this feature in PipeDrive, by the way. And again, I'm going to link another video up here if you want to learn how to connect your email, set up templates, here's the video you can go and watch to learn about that.
[ 37:56 ] Now, from here, what's going to determine your success with PipeDrive and whether this becomes a successfully adopted tool for you is making it part of your daily habit and routine. You need to spend some time with it now to start getting value from it. My advice is, keep PipeDrive open on your computer throughout your workday.
[ 38:17 ] I always have it open in my browser so I can constantly refer to it. If a prospect emails you and they're inquiring about your service, quickly go into PipeDrive, create a new deal, set your next activity, and what you need to do next, book them for a call. If somebody is ready to buy, find the deal, move it to the next stage, update your notes, send your next email.
[ 38:40 ] The more you start using PipeDrive, forming this new habit and ingraining it into your daily routine, the more useful it's going to be. And when you're ready, you can then move on and start learning about more of the powerful functionality and features that PipeDrive has. We really have just scratched the surface here today, but PipeDrive is a very powerful CRM.
[ 39:00 ] In other videos on my channel, I show how to create automations. For example, if you move a deal to a stage, we can use an automation to automatically create activities telling you what to do next or to automatically send an email, if you want to automate email follow-up. We've also got videos on our channel showing how to create reports and dashboards so that you can understand things like how many deals have I won or how many deals have I lost and why?
[ 39:26 ] What's my conversion rate? How many activities does it take to close a deal? What's my average deal lifespan or velocity? The more you actually learn about your sales process, the more you can tweak and optimize and improve how you sell so that you can actually close more deals. If you manage a sales team, you can create goals for your team in PipeDrive.
[ 39:46 ] If you want to create a goal for your team to book meetings or create a goal for somebody on your team to close a certain number or a certain value of deals, you can actually hold your team accountable using PipeDrive. We really have just scratched the surface in this video, but we're going to link up here our YouTube playlist, which has all the other PipeDrive training videos on our channel.
[ 40:08 ] If this video has been useful, hit the like button and hit subscribe so that you can keep updated when we release new training videos and new features come out. Thank you very much for watching. Good luck selling with PipeDrive. I love hearing from subscribers and working with clients and helping them to save time and grow their business with PipeDrive.
[ 40:27 ] So I hope this has been useful. Thanks for watching and I'll see you in the next video.