We've [00:00] finally reached the end of the sales pipeline course. In its final lesson, I want to explain how setting up tracking for your activities can help you grow, or raise the bar if you're already doing well. [00:11] Measure your pipeline progress. You may wonder why it's important to measure your pipeline progress. Here's a quick example. Let's say you're converting deals further along your pipeline, but you're running low on new leads at the beginning. How can you remedy this? [00:28] One. Forecast your results. Having forecasted your results, it looks like you'll be able to close a good number of deals this month, but you may have problems later, given the low number of conversations in the early stages of your pipeline. [00:43] Two. Recalibrate your activities and efforts based on those results. To ensure your deals don't dry up for the following month, it's clear you'll need to put more emphasis on prospecting. You're making changes to your activities based on what's going on in your pipeline right now. [00:59] Three. Identify areas of long-term growth. The first two steps allow you to make an impact on the short-term results that you need to hit targets. But now you need to create a habit for long-term growth. In this example, you'd need to start allocating time to prospecting and adding more conversations even when the latter pipeline stages look healthy. [01:20] You've identified that inconsistency has been a problem, and you're going to remedy it by creating a new habit. When you track your pipeline properly, you can see what kind of trajectory you are on. You can identify what's not working, where you have hidden potential, and deal with any issues early on. [01:36] In our previous videos, we've discussed the four levers to accelerate your pipeline. Unsurprisingly, these are the four best things to track in your pipeline. A good place to start is by tracking the kind of things that you've seen to have the biggest impact on your sales results. [01:51] So if deals being added into the pipeline made a big impact, track the number of deals added per day or per week until you have it where you want it. It's also important to be specific, so you may want to track the number and value of the deals in key stages of your pipeline as well. [02:07] Another example would be a conversion rate from lead idea created stage to initial meeting arrange stage. With that, you can track your skill of identifying right people and also your ability to convince them to meet with you. [02:21] But remember, if you track too many things at once, you're less likely to see the benefits. So it's a good idea to focus on one to three things tracked at any given time. You've now come to the end of the course. Congratulations on taking the step to better sales results. [02:37] You've learned what a sales pipeline is, how to put deals in, move them along, and close them in good time. You know what to concentrate your efforts on, and how to keep track of everything you're doing. [02:47] I now have one final bit of advice I'd like to give you. If this course made sense to you, then you should seriously consider using Pipedrive. Pipedrive is the tool specifically designed for managing a sales pipeline. [03:00] Many of the things we've covered like setting activity goals, and being able to see the numbers game of sales, are firmly built into the software. So if you're curious how Pipedrive can improve your sales performance, [03:13] start a free trial. Thanks, and goodbye.