[ 00:00 ] Adding integrations to Pipedrive can really help give your sales cycle more horsepower and contribute to greater sales success. They allow you to focus on what's important and can save you loads of time.
[ 00:10 ] But sometimes adding power can add greater complexity. So, to make y'all's life a whole lot easier, we've got app panels. This is similar, but different from our app extensions functionality. App panels appear inside a Pipedrive and show useful context specific information from connected external apps right inside the deal, contact and organization detail views.
[ 00:30 ] So, there's just a little less juggling of tasks and different tools during your day-to-day.
[ 00:39 ] App panels are available for apps like Klenty, Outfunnel, Circleloop, Gamifier, JustCall, Sales Panel, Pandadoc, and the list is growing all the time. So, let's take a look at how it looks with a few examples. Starting with Outfunnel. Outfunnel is a sales-centric marketing automation tool. You can automate email marketing campaigns and track email and website behavior from click to conversion and get some useful insights.
[ 01:03 ] And with the Pipedrive Outfunnel integration, the panel can help answer some questions such as has this user subscribed or unsubscribed from my marketing list, as well as opens, clicks, and website visits. The integration will even track events in the form of Pipedrive activities automatically and you can observe them in your past history.
[ 01:23 ] Then we've got Gamifier. A pretty nifty way to provide a fun environment for sales professionals to compete in. You can reward your sales people with points, achievements, trophies, levels and XP for achieving your custom set of benchmarks and rules to make your work environment more engaging, including a leader board.
[ 01:42 ] So, with the Pipedrive integration, you can quickly check in on your personal productivity, as well as the leader board of top performers from any detail view in Pipedrive.
[ 01:52 ] Stoking the flames of some hopefully friendly competition. Now let's talk about JustCall. JustCall is a cloud-based anytime, anywhere, any device phone system for your sales and support teams. With the Pipedrive integration, you can see how many calls you've made to your contacts, the date and status of the last call, SMS information, as well as a quick link to the recording of your last conversation.
[ 02:13 ] Last of all, let's talk about Pandadoc, which simplifies the process to generate, negotiate, and e-sign proposals, quotes, and contracts. With the Pipedrive integration, you'll be able to easily see the status of your attached documents and you can even pre-fill important fields in a new document right from the panel.
[ 02:32 ] Whoa. So, that's just the beginning of app panels, folks. To check out the apps that have these app panel and app extension functionalities, just visit the link at the end of this video.